hint1
people file includes name, gender, age, and address
interviews is a directory of many interviews
memberships also a directory of card files with names of cardholders
streets is a directory of street files with garbage inside the files
vehicles is a file with license plate, make, color, owner, height, weight

note that the perp is at 6' tall
any cars owned by people 6' tall or taller could be owned by the perp
The Annabels are all car owners



hint2
found the following CLUEs in the crimescene file
CLUE: Footage from an ATM security camera is blurry but shows that the perpetrator is a tall male, at least 6'.
CLUE: Found a wallet believed to belong to the killer: no ID, just loose change, and membership cards for AAA, Delta SkyMiles, the local library, and the Museum of Bash History. The cards are totally untraceable and have no name, for some reason.
CLUE: Questioned the barista at the local coffee shop. He said a woman left right before they heard the shots. The name on her latte was Annabel, she had blond spiky hair and a New Zealand accent.

hint3
Annabel is our potential witness. We need to track her down.
There are four Annabels that are car owners.

hint4
The addresses of the Annabels are found in the people file
Annabel Sun	F	26	Hart Place, line 40
Oluwasegun Annabel	M	37	Mattapan Street, line 173
Annabel Church	F	38	Buckingham Place, line 179
Annabel Fuglsang	M	40	Haley Street, line 176



When you open Hart Place, there is a clue (upper case) to look at Interview #47246024 -- this tells us the witness is NOT Annabel Sun

Interview #699607 -- Did not see the shooter but saw a car pulling away that was a blue Honda, with a license plate that starts with "L337" and ends with "9"

There are only two license plates from vehicles that fit the criteria:

License Plate L337DV9
Make: Honda
Color: Blue
Owner: Joe Germuska
Height: 6'2"

License Plate L3375A9
Make: Honda
Color: Blue
Owner: Jeremy Bowers
Height: 6'1"

skip to hint 8
cat Fitness_Galaxy AAA United_MileagePlus | grep "John Smith"

Germuska does not have a library card
Bowers has memberships to all

BOWERS!!!



